listen so amazon's found a way to turn
their two-day shipping into two weeks of
advertising as they picked up
paramount's popcorn picture the tomorrow
war
that throwback action flick that's
completely geared for its july 4th
release because
you know nothing says america like
fighting aliens or the purge i guess
it's a dumb blockbuster that delivers on
the effects and the action for at least
the first half before diving into what i
would consider the
goofiest third act possible but hey they
knew it was a streamer
let me explain so the movie begins with
an action-packed clip from later on in
the movie since
it is a film that's over two hours long
and they gotta get you hooked
because in the age of streaming man they
got a-listers out here sounding worse
than youtubers
watching this on prime i would just
advocate that people turn their phones
off
turn your phone off sit down commit to
watching all the way through
and don't forget to comment like and
subscribe the movie takes place between
two timelines starting with december
where pratt plays a high school science
teacher who's been denied the ability to
move onward in his career i am meant to
do something special with my life
and then boom the plot answers it for
him future soldiers from the future
hijack the world cup and explain the
story and what's going on in halftime
pretty much by 2048 these vicious alien
creatures appear in northern russia
without anyone knowing and in less than
three years time turned the entire earth
into a quiet place dwindling the
population down to
barely half a million so their plan is
to then draft people from the present
send them 30 years into the future so
that they can fight a war that's
already killed 99 percent of them in
order to i guess
have us all go extinct faster honestly
they blend in like 20 different time
travel rules into this movie that if you
were to ask the writers to explain it
they'd probably just go i might i don't
know i'm like no wonder these kids are
more depressed than our actual
gen z they've all been told they're
going to be gone by 2050. what's the
point
obviously chris gets drafted as they
give him a mega man arm and force him to
show off his suburban science teacher
body
the gratuitous shirtless scene he's a
shirt listening yeah gotta have one
i was like i'm gonna improv why do i
have to take my shirt off
into the scene i think i did boy ain't
you an executive i've been given
permission by the executive producer
myself to give you a sneak peek let's
take a look the movie tries really hard
at putting an extra emphasis on regular
people answering the call of duty with
the director even having actors do
ad-libs on set
you know and he'd be like what would you
say instead of colonel like if you were
trying to get
uh uh romeo command's attention i was
like
i'd be like yo and he was like say that
i was like for real he was like yeah and
everyone who appears for the draft
for whatever reason is still wearing
their street or work clothes as if like
like y'all had prep time like this
wasn't room raiders
they really had this man with a hat chef
boy if you don't change
i jasmine wear this like african
necklace it's a gold african necklace
and he said i like that would you mind
giving that to the character
and that's how lieutenant hart ended up
wearing her black african necklace they
get beamed up and sent to miami 2051
which
still exists so the army is ready to
nuke it even though they just sent
troops there but they also had half of
them fall from the sky
and splat two knots of concrete when
they messed up the coordinates so it's
no wonder there's a 30
survival rate for these people
well it's nice knowing you sam
richardson is meant to play the comedy
relief as he's one of the ones that gets
drafted with chris
and i think he's been having one hell of
a year so far with all the gigs that
he's gotten
and considering that this one's directed
by chris mckay who did lego batman and
even edited the lego movie which stars
the other chris
you know that they made sure to have him
survive all the hits so that he can
stick the punch lines
i cannot wait to show you i cannot wait
for the rest of the world to see what i
know about sam because that dude is like
really
a triple threat like he's actually a
crazy martial artist sam is
yes i made sure that like i ate a lot of
pasta
um and they just made sure it made sure
that my flat stomach wasn't like a
distraction
so i'd like make sure i rounded that out
there's also the themes of fatherhood
jk simmons plays his father who somehow
served in nam
and left his family because of the
aggression he was feeling after all of
his tours
which even though pratt's character has
served two in iraq and his wife
literally works in vet rehab
he just ignores all that trauma until he
himself ends up passing it down to his
own kid
with such an interstellar story chris
finds himself saying goodbye to his
young daughter one day and then
saying hello to a full-grown version of
her the next honestly when you really
look at it
his daughter practically raises him
everything's gonna be okay dad
although i'm pretty sure it's supposed
to make me tell you that
his daughter's now a colonel trying to
create a toxin that could take down the
entire alien species
but first she must fix her toxic
relationship with her father pretty much
in her timeline he had left him behind
and eventually died in a car crash
causing her to have trust issues and
resent him
you know when it comes to picking
someone for the most dire mission of all
time he's first billing what's crazy is
if you freeze frame on the files that
they had on him when he's getting
drafted
they pull up everything and it wasn't
just that he left his family and got
divorced but he was summoned on domestic
abuse charges as well as destruction of
property so
like with all that being said i'm
surprised she didn't chuck that apology
into the ocean
listen dorian played by edwin hodge who
was the bloody stranger in the purge
movies
continues to be the savior here but
still doesn't live long enough to see
the credits
in my opinion he should have been the
one in charge since he's the one who
served three tours
he's the one who's a full-on badass and
knows the ins and outs to the gears of
this war
unlike pratt who endangers everyone by
stopping to save one of their fallen
because of him it's all no man left
behind
which just leads to him leaving a woman
behind too i was trying to help
but i will say that in the first half i
did think they did a great job with the
combat and a lot of the visuals
obviously the whole movie it's
practically a recruitment manual but
with them working with the government
they also gained access to f-22s that
have never been caught on film
and the shots looked pretty good the
entire movie was also remixed and color
corrected in dolby
meaning that it's specifically designed
to be the highest quality for streaming
and there are some shots in this that
would make zack snide his own pants
which
turns out actually came from larry fong
his own go-to cinematographer
in terms of the creatures i love their
introduction paramount isn't alien to
outer space monsters
and they also didn't mind taking
influences from xenomorphs
but damn did they goof on them like in
the first half these things are
diabolical
they've got like 40 ways to kill you and
they come off super menacing
only to get hit with bits like
bruh they really tempt alan the alien
besides changing their minds on how
powerful these creatures are meant to be
they also can't decide what they
represent
for starters they're clearly trying to
put a message in this movie about
climate change
and it's something that the director has
even confirmed with the setup actually
being that the ice caps have melted by
and humanity must come together to stop
the world's end martin can you
bring up an ice melt projection for
russia
so you're telling me all this is melting
in 30 years
and when you rewatch it like it's
littered throughout the movie like there
are literal powerpoint presentations in
the background of this film we're the
fastest growing geothermal energy
company in the us
oh wow they wanted to tie in the global
warming effect into everything
so we did a lot of flooding we flooded
almost every street we filmed on
kind of like the earth is is pissed off
that said
the entire metaphor is pooped because
sorry it's it's not earth it's
extraterrestrial beings it also
contradicts the lore that they set up
for the white spikes in their little
universe since it's pitch that
they're not even the intelligent life
there's real aliens that are out there
that haven't come down this is just
their weapon that they corral together
sent down a millennia go in order to
wipe us out and i guess they were dumber
than humans with the coordinates because
they just never bothered to come check
on them they're called white spikes
because they fire these white
spikes at people the army notes that the
white spikes rest on what they call
shabbat so pratt enters in and says
shalom leaving them holier than ever as
they capture the queen and douse her
with melatonin to keep her down
as they create this toxin that will help
them take down all the creatures
as chris goes back in time in order to
mass produce it to alter the timeline
green vile where is it it's in your hand
we tried to get it from you but you
wouldn't let us
what do you mean just tickle him with
the time link broken christopher pratt's
wife is able to solve what none of the
world's leaders could for 30
plus years and that's realizing that
they landed
like a long time ago 9 46 a.d
and like no one bothered to go check out
the spot
and yes they did do betty gilpin dirty
in this movie betty gilman can you know
turn a line and make you cry
uh uh instantly and there's there's a
scene in the movie that she's
brilliant in uh that we could that we
had that we had to cut
every take she made me tear up
and you cut it but left these
good job of convincing the world you
have a small dick chris makes amends
with his papa to help with this
international war crime which
isn't even really considered an
international war crime because by this
point the nations aren't even united
as they decide to go take out the white
spikes in russia once and for all the
world has come together but has
also quickly fallen apart has the
government who's been helping all along
decides uh not to
you want me to use taxpayer money i mean
yeah
like how y'all going to reproduce all
these toxins
oh it's it's all made up for the third
act they actually set up and went to go
film in iceland with other generators
and explosions to really drive the
themes of this movie home as chris
practically becomes star-lord
see while the white spikes are strong
enough to pound a door off its hinges
it only takes one of them to flip a tank
christopher somehow finds a way to
mayweather the queen like he's on show
time these things really went from
weapons of mass destruction
to mechanical bulls in the end they
didn't really need the toxins since they
just
blow up the rest of them as chris
realizes he can care for his family
and you realize that the entire thing
was just a big ad for amazon
for the amazon of earth sciences thank
you all for checking out this video i'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section
obviously you know some of the big stuff
from last year no one was paying
attention to it the fact that
aliens i i guess have been confirmed by
the government so
uh i guess it's more believable to
believe in them than to believe that
this movie was actually original
original
ip well i read it and i was like wow
this is original ip
and i say this respectfully to all the
streamers out there a lot of the content
on streaming
sucks this is actually really good sure
y'all called us a tomorrow war but base
it off yesterday's movies there there's
so many from saving private ryan to the
zombie influences a lot of the lines
that they had in this movie were just
like schwarzenegger lines or other bits
like i don't know i always have a
problem with them always trying to refer
to something being original
i feel like there's hints of some of my
favorite sci-fi
movies in this film whether it be
terminator
or uh edge of tomorrow
um you know or a looper i think any you
know
time travel is a cool and exciting thing
to think about and talk about and
um alien films such as alien and
you know yeah i like in the end it's
just always goofy to see them stroke
their originality and put down
franchises
only to become one but hey you had a fun
enough movie that i don't think needed
to be two hours it could have been
trimmed here or there
uh not the smartest of them but hey you
can't really complain when it's on
streaming it's exactly what
i would give the movie i do think that
it has some really great visual effects
in the first half
i know that they're expanding it to be
something bigger and i just think that
they're gonna
overuse the time uh kind of traveling
thing into being
just something that can alter different
timelines and have just a bunch of other
wacky stories that'll just be
rinse washed and repeat practically but
i'm curious to know your thoughts on
this movie did you enjoy it what are
some theories that you have what do you
want to see them do in the future a
different angle that they can take for
it
any of that stuff down below in the
comment section until next time don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
and remember evans is still the best
chris
what did you just say to me